Hello as youtube this time
we have the samsung galaxy chat of
agent reference of 53 30 l when it is
completely new let's talk about what
which is the kind of phone cameras has
a 2 megapixel camera can take
photos of 1600 x 1200 pixels and record in
video I saw 25 fps is basically the TV
with the phone does not have front camera
only has rear camera does not have flash
it only has here what is a
we are going to enter the camera and
look for your options to see what they are
your configurations then we search
here the camera
in this case the camera comes here in
orange we enter her
it will usually end
the sheet just like the magin in how
enter here by setting to see
what are the different
options he has says he has new
capture have several new capture
Unique smile detector has option
to create panoramic scenes with a
archetype of scenes manages panorama
turn party sunset sunrise light
of candles has several scene options
it is interesting to learn to manage all
these options to take photos of
very good quality exposure value
timer is the case that let's leave
the camera in one place and then
activate the timer and be part of
the camera as we can see the camera
also allows you to zoom through
what are the buttons and here below the
volume you have to zoom in heim of 2
x
let's go back to the center of the option to
see what other defect other
configurations that has effects
we can add some filters in the
black and white and sepia filters we can
configure the resolution option as
I had said it has its maximum
resolution is 2 megapixels
it can also go down to 1.5 1.3 0.3
where what to think about doing a good
resolution to take pictures and to upload
through social networks has
adjustment of quality measurement balances
the image and we can activate the gps is
say the gps labeling is to say that
record inside the data of the photos
the gps location
other configurations that you have here is
This box is parallel effect to the photos
as we had seen this has here
we can configure firing we enter
to which the camera going down here
and we are already within the option of
Video recording
We can click here to see which ones
are the resolutions that video handles
here this resolution 320 x 240 176 x 144
let's look to see if this allows
pause let's start here a
recording
it does not allow to pause the
video recording as if allowed by the
galaxy 73 is practically start and the
have the video that was all basically
with what is the kind of camera that
Handles the Samsung Galaxy is fine
subscribe to my channel leave your
comments thank you very much for watching my
videos